	Once upon a time there was a CS student studying in Engineering Hall at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. The CS student, who went by the nickname Skippy, was approached by a man wearing an all black trenchcoat. The mysterious man knew his name and asked him if he would help him out with a small task. Skippy proceeded to ask what the task was, but the mysterious man said it must be discussed in an undisclosed location. Skippy said yes to the mans proposal as he finished all his homework for the week and had some time to kill. Skippy stood up and realized how tall the man was, he followed him out of the building. As soon as he saw the front entrance Skippy was knocked out... Skippy slowly blinked his eyes open. Getting knocked out seriously disorients a person. Skippy looked around and saw the inside of a van. Nothing restrained Skippy so he tried to open the doors but to his dismay they stayed shut. The driver of the van suddenly started speaking but Skippy could not see who it was. The driver appologized for the harsh actions but the task was too important and too risky. Skippy asked the driver what the task was. The driver only said that Skippy would aid in the retrieval of something very important. This only made Skippy more suspicious and he continued to look for a way out. Knowing that there was basically no way out, he tried to find his phone. He recalled that his phone was in his backpack, and he later realized his backpack was just next to him. Skippy found it weird that the driver left his backpack with his phone and laptop. He grabbed his phone and turned it on. It was 2 am. He tried calling 911 but somehow it didn't work. The driver, somehow knowing what Skippy was doing, explained that they disabled all wireless connection from his phone and laptop due to security. Defeated, Skippy just stared at the locked doors. Suddenly, the van stopped. The doors opened up, no one was inside. Skippy called 911 again, but no one answered. Then, Skippy realized there was no one on the van. She got out of the van and, worried that the man was dead, ran around the town. The town guard told her to stay put. Panicing, Skippy begged the guard to bring him home, but the guard simply ignored him. Deciding to call 911 again, Skippy pulled out his phone and dialed the number. This time, it worked! However, the operator's voice was indistinguishable and Skippy strained his ears to figure out what he was saying. Suddenly, the operator suddenly shouted: "Wake up!" And everything turned to black.

Skippy wearily rubbed his eyes as he lifted his head. He was back at Engineering Hall, where his friends had found him and woken him up. Breathing a sigh of relief, Skippy smiled and said, "Guys, I just had the weirdest dream..."
